bow out of (a plan)
	to leave a job or stop doing an activity, usually after a long time 辞职；退出
		She'll be bowing out at the end of the month, after hosting the programme for eight years.  她将在本月底退出这档她已主持了8年的节目。

kick off
	 start 开始
		What time does the game kick off?  比赛什么时候开始？

subscribe to
	to agree with or support an opinion, belief, or theory 赞同，支持（观点、信仰、理论等）
		Frank subscribed firmly to the belief that human kindness would overcome evil.  弗兰克坚信人类的善良能够战胜邪恶。

wrap up [US INFORMAL]
	to bring to an end; make final; conclude; settle	结束，做完，圆满完成
	to give a concluding, summarizing statement, report, etc.	总结，概括	=recapitulate

wind sth up
	使...结束
		I think it's about time we wound this meeting up.
		我看我们该结束这次会议了。
		We need to wind up now, we only have five minutes left.
		我们现在得结束了，只剩5分钟的时间了。

be not sb's cup of tea
	非某人所喜好，对...不感冒
		Thanks for inviting me, but ballet isn't really my cup of tea.  谢谢你邀请我，不过我不大喜欢看芭蕾。

It's your call.
	这取决于你

Tell me about it/that.
	used to say that you feel the same way or have had the same experience 我也经历过

draw the line
	划定界限

sth. wanders off topic
	跑题

(with your) tongue in (your) cheek 开玩笑	ALSO: tongue-in-cheek when used as attribute
	If you say something tongue in cheek, you intend it to be understood as a joke, although you might appear to be serious.  开玩笑地；说着玩地
		He said that he was a huge fan of the president, although I suspect it was tongue in cheek.  他曾说自己是美国头号情人，而我认为他是在开玩笑。

serve the purpose
	服务于宗旨

(be) out of touch with
	失去联络，没有接触

lump it
	to accept a situation or decision although you do not like it 无奈地接受，不得不接受
		The decision has been made, so if Tom doesn't like it, he can lump it.  已经决定了，所以即便汤姆不愿意，他也只能接受了。
take/make a vow/vows to do

like it or lump it
	If you tell someone to like it or lump it, you mean that person must accept a situation they do not like, because it cannot be changed.  必须接受某个现状，因为情况没法改变
		Like it or lump it, romantic fiction is read regularly by thousands.  将就着点吧，数以千计的人都有读言情小说的习惯。

the jury is (still) out (on)
	If the jury is (still) out on a subject, people do not yet know the answer or have not yet decided if it is good or bad.  （答案或观点）尚不明确，悬而未决
		The jury's still out on the safety of irradiated food.  人们对辐射处理过的食品是否安全尚不清楚。

that's/it's your funeral! 
	something that you say that means that if someone suffers bad results from their actions, it will be that person's fault, not yours 那活该你倒霉！你自作自受！

project one's voice
	放开嗓音

A's loss is B's gain
	一人之失即是他人之得

a tinge of = a hint of = a whiff of
	一点...,一丝...,略带...

be one's strong suit
	是某人的强项
	Tact is not her strong point, judging by the way she behaved.  从她的做法判断，她不够老练。

once and for all
	彻底了结的，一劳永逸地

Words fail me.
	不知道该说什么。

I'll speak straight.	I'll be blunt(?/bluff)
	我就直说了。

be apt to do sth/be apt to be sth
	to be likely to do something or to often do something 易于做…的；常做…的:
		The kitchen roof is apt to (= likely to) leak when it rains.  一下雨厨房屋顶就容易漏。
		She's in her eighties now and apt to be a little forgetful.  她已经80多岁了，有些健忘。

make sense of
	明白...的意思，搞懂

take cognizance of sth
	to take notice of and consider something, especially when judging （尤指在审判时）注意到，认识到，考虑到
		The lawyer asked the jury to take cognizance of the defendant's generosity in giving to charity.  律师请求陪审团要考虑到被告对慈善事业的慷慨捐助。

pit of your stomach
	胸口，心底
		I got a sick feeling/a knot in the pit of my stomach when the news of the attack was announced.  当发动攻击的消息宣布时，我感到胸口很难受／心揪紧了。

pit sb/sth against sb/sth
	使相斗，使较量		[This idiom alludes to setting fighting cocks or dogs against one another in a pit.]
		It was a bitter civil war, that pitted neighbour against neighbour.  那是一场可怕的内战，它使人和人之间相互为敌。
		The climbers pitted themselves against the mountain.  攀登者与大山一较高下。

beat/scare/frighten the xxx out of sb.
	把某人打/吓地xxx都出来了
	where xxx can be:
		'crap'(feces)
		'(living) daylights'(all vital senses)
		'Dickens'("devil". From Shakespeare's "Merry Wives of Windsor",(Act III, Scene II).)
		'hell/heck'

prompt sb to do sth
	to make someone decide to say or do something 促使某人决定说（或做）某事
		What prompted you to say that?  什么促使你那么说的？
		I don't know what prompted him to leave.  我不知道是什么促使他离开的。

ahead of the curve
	more advanced, or developing, understanding something, or reaching a point more quickly than other things or people:
		The ability to speak two languages puts you ahead of the curve in the job market.  领先一步，占有优势
	`curve` here is the curve on the chart or graph:
		a line on a graph that shows a relationship between two sets of information, for example changes in price over time 
			a falling/downward curve Research spending has been on a falling curve.
			a rising/upward curve
			a steep/smooth/sharp curve Climate change appears to demand we put our electricity usage on a steep downward curve.

put somebody up (for the night)
	为某人提供住宿

cast/shed/throw light on sth
	使更易理解；有助于说明
		The discovery of the dinosaur skeleton has cast light on why they became extinct.  恐龙骨架的发现使人们对于恐龙灭绝的原因有了一些认识。 

lean on
	1. 依靠...
		He's always had his big brother to lean on.  他总是依靠他大哥。
	2.向...施压
		We may have to lean on them a little if we want our money.  我们如果想把钱拿回来就必须要对他们施加一些压力。

with a capital A, B, etc.
	（用于表示性质的词后，表示强调）非常，特别
		He's trouble with a capital T!  他这个人特别烦人！

on account of = in consideration of = in deference to
	考虑到，出于

in preparation for = in anticipation of
	准备着

not scruple to do sth
	做某事从不迟疑

run for office
	竞选公职

on the margins of sth
	（某人）处于…的边缘，对…稍有涉足
		He spent the 1980s on the margins of British politics.  20世纪80年代他曾稍稍涉足英国政治。

tempest in a teapot
	小题大做，大惊小怪 = UK storm in a teacup

ruffle sb's feathers
	to upset or annoy someone 使（某人）心烦意乱；使（某人）生气；使（某人）恼怒
		She knows how to ruffle his feathers.  她知道怎样去惹他发火。

as opposed to		与...相对

at the end of your tether (mainly uk) = (US) ~ your rope
	having no strength or patience left 筋疲力尽；一筹莫展
		By six o'clock after a busy day I'm at the end of my tether.  忙碌了一天后，到6点钟时我已筋疲力尽了。

repose trust/confidence/hope in sb/sth
	to place your trust or hopes in someone or something 寄托（信任／信心于某人／事）
		We repose a lot of hope in this project.  我们对这个项目寄托了很大的希望。

give sb the creeps
	to cause someone to have uncomfortable feelings of nervousness or fear 使（某人）毛骨悚然；使（某人）紧张害怕
		Living next to a graveyard would give me the creeps.  住在墓地旁边会令我毛骨悚然。

be on the prowl
	to be moving around quietly in a place trying not to be seen or heard 悄然潜行
		There was a fox on the prowl earlier.  早些时候有只狐狸出没于此。

search me!
	something that you say when you do not know the answer to a question 我怎么知道！
		"Where's Jack?" "Search me!" “杰克在哪儿？”“我怎么知道！”

stoke up on/with sth
	to eat a lot of a particular food in order to avoid feeling hungry or weak later 大吃，饱餐一顿
		As it was a cold morning, she stoked up on bacon, eggs, and beans on toast.  由于早上很冷，她饱餐了一顿咸肉、鸡蛋和豆烤面包。

be a tribute to sth/sb
	是（优秀、强大或有效性）的明证
		I've never met a five-year-old as well behaved as your son - he's a tribute to you!  我从没见过一个5岁的小孩像你儿子这么乖的——你真行！
		It is a tribute to his determination over his 22 years that he has achieved so much.  他取得了成功，这充分证明了22年来他的决心有多么坚定。

Carpe diem = Seize the day
	to do the things one wants to do when there is the chance instead of waiting for a later time	把握今天/抓住机会

Go figure!
	used when you tell someone a fact and you then want to say that the fact is surprising, strange or stupid 多奇怪！多怪异！多愚蠢！
		It's a terrible movie and it made $200 million. Go figure!  这是一部很差劲的电影，却创下了两亿美元的票房。真是怪事！

dismiss A as B
	把A批驳为B
		They dismissed the theory as a nonsense. 他们把这一理论批评为胡闹。

lead a ... life
	过着...的生活
		He led a dissolute life. 他过着淫荡的生活。

be (stuck) in a groove		groove: 沟，槽	vt. 享受
	to be bored because you are doing the same things that you have done for a long time 感到单调乏味；墨守成规
		We never do anything exciting any more - we seem to be stuck in a groove.  我们做的事情再也让人感觉不到有意思了——我们似乎太墨守成规了。

be/get in the groove
	to be or start operating or performing successfully 性能出色；表现理想；进行得很成功
		Alex Popov proved he was back in the groove by winning the 100 metres freestyle.  亚历克斯‧波波夫赢得了100米自由泳比赛，这证明他又回到了以前的良好竞技状态。

at length
	1. 全面地(=fully, comprehensively)
	2. 最终(=finally)
	3. 长久地，长时间地(=for a long time)

be out of humor
	心情不好，闷闷不乐

give in
	勉强同意；投降，屈服；

be given to
	经常做，习惯于
		She was given to staying in bed till lunchtime.  她常常在床上呆到吃午饭时才起来。

be above/beyond reproach
	无可非议，十全十美

root around (somewhere)	
	（尤指在其他物品中）翻找，翻寻
		She was rooting around in her drawer for a pencil.  她在抽屉中翻找铅笔。

put/lay your cards on the table
	摊牌，（把想法和意图）和盘托出

think sth out
	仔细考虑，全面考虑
		The scheme was well thought out.  这个计划是经过仔细考虑的。

content yourself with sth
	使自己满足于，使自己甘心于
		I wanted to take two weeks' holiday, but had to content myself with one because the office was so busy.  我本想休两周的假，不过因为公司太忙，休假一周也就算了。

(out) of one's own volition
	because one wants to :voluntarily, willingly
		He left the company of his own volition.

play truant (UK) = play hooky (US)	旷课

in timely manner = in timely fashion = timely(adj & *adv*)
	quickly, promptly, within a reasonable time frame
	按时地，及时地

in due course
	at a suitable time in the future 在（将来）适当的时候
		You will receive notification of the results in due course.  在适当的时候你会收到结果通知的。

due to = because of	由于，因为

peace of mind
	a feeling of calm or not being worried 安心
		For my peace of mind, please check that the door is locked.

as such
	in the true or exact meaning of the word or phrase 从字面意义来看，严格地说
		There wasn't much vegetarian food as such, although there were several different types of cheese.  尽管有几种不同的奶酪，但严格意义上的素食没有多少。
		We don't have a secretary as such, but we do have a student who comes in to do some filing.  我们没有真正意义上的秘书，不过确实有个学生来做些文件整理工作。

bite the dust
	1. to fall so that your body hits the ground heavily 重重倒在地上
		As they came around the bend several riders bit the dust.  拐弯时几个骑手摔倒了。
	2. to end in failure 失败，完蛋
		His career bit the dust when he lost his job.  失业后，他的事业也以失败告终。

Don't give up the day job!
	[HUMOROUS] used for telling someone that you do not think they are very good at something 表示认为对方做某事不在行
		"What did you think of my singing, then?" "Er, don't give up the day job!" “你觉得我唱得怎么样？”“诶，相当业余。”

put up with
	to tolerate 忍受，忍耐
		I can put up with the house being messy, but I hate it if it's not clean.  房子凌乱我能忍受，但我讨厌房子不干净。
		He's so moody - I don't know why she puts up with him.  他太喜怒无常了——我不知道她为什么要忍受他。
		They have a lot to put up with (= they have a lot of difficulties).  他们遇到了很多困难。

by the skin of one's teeth
	If you do something by the skin of your teeth, you only just succeed in doing it.  侥幸成功，勉强做成
		He escaped from the secret police by the skin of his teeth.  他从秘密警察手里侥幸逃脱。

have a chip on your shoulder
	[INFORMAL] to seem angry all the time because you think you have been treated unfairly or feel you are not as good as other people （因觉得受委屈或不如别人优秀而）好生气
		He's got a chip on his shoulder about not having been to university.
		他因没能上大学而耿耿于怀。

blast/blow sb/sth to kingdom come
	to destroy someone or something completely using a gun or bomb:
		The bombs are capable of blasting a whole city to kingdom come.

a rash of sth		`rash` here: 皮疹[FIGURATIVE]
	a large number of unpleasant events of the same type （一下子出现的）大量令人不快的事
		There has been a rash of robberies/accidents/complaints in the last two months.
		过去两个月中，突然发生很多起抢劫案／一下出了很多起事故／接二连三收到多起投诉。

salve one's conscience
	to do something so that you feel less guilty 使良心得到宽慰；减轻内疚感
		He salves his conscience by giving money to charity.  他通过向慈善机构捐款来使自己良心得到宽慰。

draw sth off
	to remove a small amount of liquid from a larger amount, especially by allowing it to flow through a pipe （尤指通过管道）抽出，放出，排出
		She drew off a little of her home-made wine just to taste.  她取出一点儿自家酿的酒尝了尝。

not mince (your) words
	to say what you mean clearly and directly, even if you upset people by doing this 直截了当地说，直言不讳
		The report does not mince words, describing the situation as "ludicrous".  这篇报道没有婉转措辞，而是直接把事态描述为“荒唐”。

make conversation
	to say things to someone who you do not know well, in order to be polite 没话找话，说应酬话
		I was just trying to make conversation.  我只是尽力说些应酬话。

engage in sth
		to take part in something 参加；参与
			The two governments have agreed to engage in a comprehensive dialogue to resolve the problem.  两国政府已经同意开展全面对话以解决该问题。

engage sb in conversation
		to start a conversation with someone 与某人攀谈
			Once Mrs Kirkpatrick engages you in conversation, you're stuck with her for half an hour.  一旦柯克帕特里克夫人跟你聊起来，不说上半个小时她是不会放过你的。

make a point of doing sth
		to always do something or to take particular care to do something 一贯注重；重视，特别注意
			She makes a point of keeping all her shopping receipts.  她总是把所有的购物发票都保留下来。

burn the midnight oil
	to work late into the night 工作到深夜，熬夜工作

(be) dead to the world
	to be sleeping 睡觉
		"Is Georgie up yet?" "I doubt it - she was dead to the world ten minutes ago." “乔姬起床了吗？”“我看还没有--10分钟前她还睡着呢。”

(be) out/down for the count
	[BOXING] defeated by being knocked to the ground and unable to rise within ten seconds. [拳击] 倒地不起昏迷10秒而输掉拳击比赛
	to be sleeping, especially heavily 睡着，尤指睡得深
		It looks like Jessica is out for the count. 看起来Jessicas

(be) in the land of the living
	to be AWAKE or to be ALIVE 醒着；活着； [HUMOROUS INFORMAL]
		She was partying till the early hours, so I don't imagine she'll be in the land of the living before lunchtime.  她在晚会上一直玩到后半夜，所以我想午饭之前她是不会睡醒的。

lie in (UK) = sleep in (US/UK) = oversleep
	to sleep until later in the morning than you usually do 睡懒觉
		I usually sleep in on Saturdays.  我周末通常睡到很晚才起床。

put one's feet up
	to sit and relax :to not work or be active (尤指双脚平放起来）休息
		I'm going to go home and put my feet up.

hit the hay/sack
	to go to bed 睡觉 [INFORMAL]

turn in
	to go to bed 睡觉 [vi. + adv]
		I am turning in for the evening/night. 我正要睡觉呢。

sleep like a log/top
	to sleep very well, without being woken by any noises 睡得很香 [US INFORMAL]
		I slept like a log – I didn't even hear the thunderstorm.

go out like a light
	to go to sleep very quickly or to become unconscious very quickly
		As soon as my head hit the pillow, I went out like a light.

not sleep a wink / not get a wink of sleep
	to not sleep at all 根本没睡着
		I didn't sleep a wink last night with all that noise.  昨晚噪声那么大，我根本就没睡着。

toss and turn		`toss` here:向后甩（头发或身体部位） She tossed her head in annoyance.  她生气地将头向后一甩。
	to move about from side to side or turn a lot in bed, especially because you cannot sleep （尤指因无法入睡而）翻来覆去，辗转反侧
		I was tossing and turning all night.  我整晚辗转反侧，无法入睡。

as in someone's wont
	in the way that someone usually does 像（某人）惯常的一样
		She arrived an hour late, as is her wont.  她像往常一样晚到了一小时。

be wont to do sth
	to often do something 常做…
		The previous city council was wont to overspend.  先前的市议会常常会超支。
		They spent much of the time reminiscing about the war, as old soldiers are wont to do.  像老兵们常做的那样，他们把大部分时间用来回忆那场战争。

flex one's muscle	(muscle-flexing n.)
	to try to worry an opponent or enemy by publicly showing military, political, or financial power （通过军事、政治或经济实力的展示向对手）显示实力，显示力量
		The parade is the first sign of the new regime flexing its military muscles.  阅兵式是新政权显示其军事实力的第一个信号。

pour forth
	To emit in *large* quantity or *large* numbers. （大量）涌出
	As details emerged, messages of grief and support poured forth from other countries where people watched the tragic events unfold.  随着细节的浮现，表达悲痛和支持的短信从世界各国关注这一悲剧事件发展的人们那里蜂拥而至。

frown on/upon sth
	to disapprove of something 不赞成；不许
		Smoking is frowned upon in many societies.  很多餐馆里都禁止吸烟。

in jest
	intended as a joke and not said seriously 开玩笑地，诙谐地
		I only said it in jest - you're obviously not fat.  我那么说是开玩笑——很显然，你不胖。

at once
	1. immediately 立即
		I knew at once that I'd like it here.  我立刻知道我会喜欢这里的。
	2. at the same time 同时
		They all started talking at once.  他们同时开始讲起话来。

take the edge off sth
	to make something unpleasant have less of an effect on someone 减弱，削弱（不良事物的影响）
		Have an apple - it'll take the edge off your hunger.  吃个苹果吧——可以充充饥。
		His apology took the edge off her anger.  他道了歉，她的火气就消了些。
		Apple and computer, those two words ain't go together, but it made you feel with friendly, it took the edge off the word "computer".

make obeisance
	鞠躬
	One by one the noblemen made their obeisances (= bent at the waist) to the queen.  贵族们一一向女王鞠躬行礼。

bristle with something
	1. to be covered with (something)
		a bush bristling with thorns 荆棘覆盖的灌木
	2. to be full of (something)	充满
		The movie bristles with excitement. 这部电影很刺激。
		He bristles with energy. 他充满能量。
		The helicopter hovered above them bristling with machine guns.  直升机在他们头顶上盘旋，上面架着许多机关枪。

jot sth down	-tt-
	to write something quickly on a piece of paper so that you remember it 匆匆记下，草草记下
		I carry a notebook so that I can jot down any ideas.  我随身带了个笔记本，这样可以把想法随手记下来。

not a/one jot
	not at all or not even a small amount 一点儿也没有，丝毫没有
		Don't listen to her! There's not a jot of truth (= there is no truth) in what she's saying.  别听她的！她没有一句实话。
		None of the committee's proposals will matter a jot (= they will not matter) if no one reads their report.  如果没人读委员会的报告，他们的建议就一点儿用也没有。

there is no telling
	there is no way of knowing 不知道，无法知道
		There is no telling what the future will hold for them.  不知道他们的未来会怎么样。

on the sly
	If you do something on the sly, you do it secretly because you should not be doing it.  暗中，偷偷地
		He drives his mother's car on the sly while she's at work.  他在母亲上班的时候偷开她的汽车。


whet sb's appetite	whet n. [old use] to sharpen the blade of a knife or similar tool 磨，把…磨锋利
	to increase someone's interest in and wish for something, usually by giving them a small experience of it 勾起（某人）的兴趣；增加（某人）的欲望
		I've read an excerpt of the book on the Web and it's whetted my appetite.  我在网上读过这部书的节选，引起了我强烈的兴趣。
		That one kiss had whetted his appetite.  那个吻激起了他的欲望。

fend off
	to push or send away an attacker or other unwanted person 抵挡，推开，击退（某人）
		He managed to fend off his attackers with a stick.  他设法用一根棍子击退了攻击者。
		She spent the entire evening fending off unwanted admirers.  她整个晚上都在打发那些讨厌的仰慕者。

thread your way through, between, etc. sth
	to move carefully through a crowded space, changing direction in order to avoid people or things （避开障碍）穿过，通过（拥挤地带）
		She threaded her way through the crowded market place.  她穿过了人群拥挤的市场。


lull sb into sth
	to make someone feel safe in order to trick them 哄骗，麻痹（某人）
		Most exercise classes start gently, lulling you into thinking that you're in good shape.  健身课程一开始大多都很容易，让人误以为自己很健康。
		Their promises lulled us into a false sense of security (= made us feel safe, when in fact we were not).  他们的承诺让我们误以为很安全。

in accordance with a rule, law, wish, etc.
	C1 following or obeying a rule, law, wish, etc.  依照规则／法律／意愿等
		In accordance with her wishes, she was buried in France.  按照她的遗愿，人们将她葬在了法国。

all the time in the world
	a large amount of time available 许多时间
		The doctor made me feel as if she had all the time in the world to listen to my problems.  这个医生让我觉得她似乎有很多时间来倾听我的问题。

in the vicinity (of)
	approximately 大约；大概
		The club is believed to have paid in the vicinity of €3 million for Domingo.  该队据说为多明戈支付了大约300万英镑。

rue the day
	to feel very sorry about an event 追悔莫及
		She'll rue the day (that) she bought that house.  她买了那座房子，以后会追悔莫及的。

the bitter fruits of sth
	the unpleasant result of something 苦果，恶果；不好的结局
		The unemployed are tasting the bitter fruits of the market economy.  失业人士正承受市场经济的苦果。

jolt sb into sth
	to give someone a sudden shock that forces them to act 使（某人）受到震惊（而采取行动）
		The news about Sam's illness jolted her into action.  萨姆生病的消息使她猛醒，开始采取行动。

jolt sb out of sth
	使（某人）从…中觉醒
		The sneak terrorist attack jolted the country out of its indolence and indifference.

(be) tantamount to sth
	being almost the same or having the same effect as something, usually something bad 几近于；等于，相当于
		Her refusal to answer was tantamount to an admission of guilt.  她拒绝回答等于是认罪。

a scintilla of sth
	a very small amount of something 极少的，微量的
		There's not a scintilla of truth in what he says.  他说话一点也不可信。

this vale of tears [LITERARY]		vale: world
	This vale of tears is the world we live in, seen as sad and difficult.  人生苦海；凡尘

jerk off
	(of a man) to masturbate （男人）手淫

reconcile oneself to sth
	to accept a situation or fact although you do not like it 与…达成妥协；使甘心于；使顺从于
		She must reconcile herself to the fact that she must do some work if she wants to pass her exams.  她必须接受这样一个事实： 要想通过考试，就必须下点工夫学习。

hold/keep sb/sth at bay
	to prevent someone or something unpleasant from harming you 阻止，遏制（令人不快的事物）
		Exercise can help keep fat at bay.  锻炼有助于防止发胖。

relate to sth
	to understand a situation or someone's feelings because you have experienced a similar situation or similar feelings 理解；认同；与…产生共鸣
		The culture that he describes is so different from mine that I sometimes find it hard to relate to.  他所描述的那种文化和我所处的文化如此迥异，有时我觉得很难理解。

be on the lookout for sth/sb
	to search for something or someone 寻找，查找，搜索
		I'm always on the lookout for interesting new recipes.  我总是热衷于寻找新的有意思的菜谱。

keep a lookout for sth/sb
	to continue to watch carefully for something or someone, especially in order to avoid danger （尤指为防备危险而）继续密切注意，继续关注
		Keep a lookout for small objects that a baby might swallow.  注意不要让婴儿吞食小东西。

single sb/sth out
	to choose one person or thing from a group for special attention, especially criticism or praise （为给予批评、表扬等）单独挑出
		It's not fair the way my sister is always singled out for special treatment.  我妹妹总是受到特殊照顾，这不公平。
		Jamie was thrilled when the teacher singled out his poem and asked him to read it aloud.  老师挑出杰米的诗并让他自己朗读时，杰米非常激动。

by common consent
	most people agree 大多数人同意；普遍认可
		Her latest novel, by common consent, is her best yet.  她的最新影片被普遍认为是她迄今最好的作品。

A leopard can't/doesn't change its spots.
	something you say that means a person's character, especially if it is bad, will not change, even if they pretend that it will 江山易改，本性难移。
	leopard		n.	豹
	panther		n.	黑豹

If you don't use it, you lose it.
	ALSO: use-it-or-lose-it		A use-it-or-lose-it vacation 不用就没了的假期，年底结算调休时清零的假期

bask in sth
	to take pleasure from something that makes you feel good 沉浸在…中
		He basked in his moment of glory, holding the trophy up to the crowd.  他向观众高高举起奖杯，沉浸在荣耀之中。

have palpitations	[HUMOROUS]
	to be very shocked 震动，震惊
		My mother will have palpitations when she sees my new boyfriend.  我母亲看到我的新男友一定会大吃一惊。

out of kilter
	in a state of not working well 在不正常的状态下；失常，失调
		Missing more than one night's sleep can throw your body out of kilter.  超过一个晚上不睡觉会使你的身体失调。

have a bearing on sth
	to have an influence on something or a relationship to something 与…有关系；对…有影响
		What you decide now could have a considerable bearing on your future.  你现在所作的决定可能会对你的未来产生极大的影响。

a shitload of sth	[OFFENSIVE]
	a lot of something 很多，一大堆
		He earns a shitload of money.  他挣的钱很多。

(be) less A than B
	（更像）是B而不是A
		But being Hillary Clinton is never a simple matter, and her next few years are less a blank check than an equation with multiple variables. Her status is singular but complicated.

(be) moved to tears
	Overwhelmed by happy or grateful emotion, such that one feels like he or she will cry.
		I was moved to tears by the tributes to my late father.
		The lovely cards from my students had me moved to tears.

whet one's appetite
	If someone or something whets your appetite for a particular thing,
	they increase your desire to have it or know about it, especially by giving you an idea of what it is like.  激起某人的欲望
		I've read an excerpt of the book on the Web and it's whetted my appetite.  我在网上读过这部书的节选，引起了我强烈的兴趣。

invest sb/sth with sth		[LITERARY]
	to make someone or something seem to have a particular characteristic 赋予…以…，使…似乎具有（某种特征）
		In his poems everyday reality is invested with a sense of wonder and delight.  在他的诗歌里，现实生活被赋予了一种奇妙和快乐的感觉。
		Lena Horne's singing style is such that she can invest even the most vapid/insipid lyrics with dramatic meaning.

against (all) (the) odds
	If you do or achieve something against (all) the odds/against all odds, you do or achieve it although there were a lot of problems and you were not likely to succeed.
	If something happens against all odds, it happens or succeeds although it seemed impossible or very unlikely.
	尽管困难重重，在极为不利的情况下
		Against all the odds, he recovered.
		他克服一切不利病况康复了。

(be) at odds
	If someone is at odds with someone else, or if two people are at odds, they are disagreeing or quarrelling with each other.
	有分歧，意见不一
		We may have dealt with the Grimm, but the Mistral Council is still at odds with representatives from Atlas.
		我们可能已经解决了戮兽，但是寒风国会仍然与擎天王国的代表有分歧。

fill sb in
	If you fill someone in, you give them more details about something that you know about. 告诉某人某事
		Professor Leonardo Lionheart: I thought you've filled them in.
		Qrow: Mostly filled in, look, there's a lot to cover, okay? I quit teaching for a reason.

Time slipped away from me.
	我忘了时间了。我没注意到时间。

(be) in a cleft stick
	to be in a situation where it is very difficult to decide what to do, usually because both of your two choices of action would cause problems
	进退维谷，左右为难；陷于窘境
		UN troops are in a cleft stick: something has to be done for the civilian population, yet to retaliate would surely be the spark to ignite all-out war.
		联合国军队进退两难：为了平民不得不采取行动，可是还击势必会引发全面战争。

embark on/upon sth	[FORMAL]
	to start something new or important 开始，着手做（新的或重要的事情）
		We're embarking upon a new project later this year.  今年晚些时候我们会启动一个新项目。

(be) contingent on/upon sth
	depending on something else in the future in order to happen
	视...而定的；因...而变的；取决于...的；
		Outdoor activities are, as ever, contingent on the weather.
		同以前一样，室外布置依天气而定。
		Our success is contingent upon your support.
		我们的成功有赖于你的支持。

in that		[FORMAL]
	because
	因为，由于
		This research is important in that it confirms the link between aggression and alcohol.
		这项研究非常重要，因为它证实了攻击行为和酗酒之间的联系。

revolve around sb/sth	[UK also `revolve round sb/sth`]
	to have someone or something as the main or most important interest or subject
	以...为中心，以...为主题，围绕...
		The conversation revolved around childcare problems.
		这次会谈的中心议题是儿童保育方面的问题。
		His whole life revolves around football.
		足球是他生活的中心。

be at variance (with sb/sth)
	to be in disagreement with someone or something, or to be different from him, her, or it
	与…有分歧；与…存在差异
		Young people's reactions to world events are often at variance with those of their parents.
		年轻人对国际大事的反应往往与父辈们存在差异。
		Her public and private personas are at variance.

people sth/somewhere by/with sb
	If something or somewhere is peopled by/with a particular type of person, it is filled with them.
	充满，充斥着（某种类型的人）
		Her novels are peopled with the rich and beautiful.
		她小说里净是些有钱的俊男靓女。

day in day out
	(especially of something boring) done or happening every day for a long period of time
	（尤指枯燥之事）一天接一天，日复一日
		I have to do the same boring jobs day in day out.
		我每天都要干这些单调乏味的工作。

be out for/to do sth
	想要做...
		The company is simply out to make larger profits.
		These are dangerous men, and they are out for revenge.
		I was convinced that he was out to cheat me.
		Just because, as a photographer, Friedlander is interested in places that most people consider ugly does not mean that he is out to prove they are beautiful. Instead, his work suggests that the photographer simply cannot ignore so much of the built American landscape but is obligated to

# (Just) Because 引导主语从句
(Just) because ... doesn’t mean ... 
	Just because it’s red doesn’t mean it’s cherry-flavored. 仅仅是红色的并不意味着它有樱桃味。
	(Just) because I object to his promotion doesn’t mean I’m vindictive. 即使我反对提升他并不意味我报复他。
	Just because I’m lending you my dress for tonight doesn’t mean you can borrow it whenever you want to. 如果因为我夜晚把裙子借给你，你就以为随时可以借来穿，那你就错了。
	Just because you’re older than me doesn’t mean you can tell me what to do. 只是因为你比我年纪大，这并不意味着你可以对我指手划脚。
(Just) because ... is no reason ... 
	Because you have words with your wife is no reason to smash up things. 你和你的妻子吵架并不能成为摔东西的理由。
	Because they are dead languages is no reason why they should be ignored in academic circles. 不能因为它们是死的语言而就在学术界忽视它们。
(Just) because ... doesn’t make ... 
	Just because something has always been done a certain way does not make it right. 仅仅因为老是以某种方式做事并不意味着这么做就是对的。
(Just) because ... doesn’t preclude ... 
	Just because all nation states are motivated by self-interest does not preclude that self-interest having a moral component.
	所有的民族国家都为自身的利益所驱使，这一点并不排除那种自身利益也包含合乎道德的成分。

under the aegis of sb/sth	[FORMAL]
	with the protection or support of someone or something, especially an organization
	在（尤指某个组织）的保护（或支持）下
		The project was set up under the aegis of the university.
		该项目是在这所大学的支持下设立的。

a load/weight off your mind
	an occasion when a problem that has been worrying you stops or is dealt with
	卸下了思想上的重负，心上的石头落了地
		I'm so relieved that I don't have to make a speech - it's such a weight off my mind!
		饭后不必作演讲使我长舒了一口气——这下我心上的石头可落地了！

shy away from sth
	to avoid something that you dislike, fear, or do not feel confident about
	（因不喜欢、害怕或缺乏自信而）退缩，躲避，畏避
		I've never shied away from hard work.
		我从未畏避过艰苦的工作。

It would be churlish to/not to ...

stave sth/sb off
	to stop something bad from happening, or to keep an unwanted situation or person away, usually temporarily
	（通常指暂时地）挡住，减缓
		We were hoping to stave off these difficult decisions until September.
		我们希望将这些难以抉择的事搁到9月份。

present itself
	If something presents itself, it happens.
	发生，出现，呈现
		An opportunity suddenly presented itself.
		突然出现了一个良机。

(be) a drag on sb/sth		[INFORMAL]
	to slow down or limit the development of someone or something
	拖累，成为…的累赘
		She didn't want a husband who would be a drag on her career.
		她不想要一个拖累她事业的丈夫。

so ... as to ...
	如此...以至于...
	The author paints a rather dark picture of book publishing as a hidebound industry, one that is facing a profound change in its mode of production but is so encumbered by its past as to be unable to seize opportunity offered by technological changes.

in ... fashion
	以...式，以...方式
		Cultures evolve in Darwin fashion.
		文化（同样）以达尔文生物进化论的方式进化。（文化也会优胜劣汰）

play out in
	发生，出现，以一种...的方式表现出来

live up to sth
	to be as good as something
	与...一样好
		The concert was brilliant - it lived up to all our expectations.
		音乐会很棒——一点儿都没有让我们失望。

to be sure	[FORMAL]
	certainly
	肯定地，不可否认地
		This is not his best book, to be sure, but it is still worth reading.
		这肯定不是他写得最好的书，但还是值得一读的。

all the more
	even more than before
	更加，越发，格外
		Several publishers rejected her book, but that just made her all the more determined.
		几个出版商拒绝出版她的书，但那恰恰使得她更加坚定。
