It was the lark, the herald of the morn.
	Romeo and Juliet: Act 3, Scene 5 - William Shakespeare

Discretion is the better part of valour.
	Falstaff in King Henry the Fourth, Part One - William Shakespeare
	used to say that it is better to be careful than to do something that is dangerous and unnecessay.	谨慎才是英勇。

An unstoppable force meets an immovable object.
	Irresistible force paradox.

Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit.
	sarcasm is unkind and not very funny 挖苦是最低级的幽默。

A golden key can open any door.
	1580, Euphues and his England - English playwright John Lyly
	有钱能使鬼推磨

A rolling stone gathers no moss.
	Sententia - Publilius Syrus
	It originally indicates that "People who are always moving, with no roots in one place or another, avoid responsibilities and cares", while another interpretation equates "moss" to "stagnation"; as such the proverb can also refer to those who keep moving as never lacking for fresh ideas or creativity.	1. 四处奔波的人不用承担责任，但也缺少关爱	2. 活跃的人总有新想法新创意

Blood is thicker than water.
	medieval German beast epic *Reinhart Fuchs* (c. 1180; English: Reynard the Fox) - Heinrich der Glîchezære
	German: Blut ist dicker als Wasser	血浓于水

When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
	Mark Twain

Waste not, want not.
	said to advise someone not to waste anything, because they might need it in the future 勤俭节约，吃穿不缺。

Laughter is the best medicine.
	欢笑是良药

Many a true word is spoken in jest.
	戏言寓真理。
	The first author to express this thought in English was probably Geoffrey Chaucer. He included it in The Cook's Tale, 1390: 
		But yet I pray thee be not wroth for game; [don't be angry with my jesting]
		A man may say full sooth [the truth] in game and play.
	Shakespeare later came closer to our contemporary version of the expression, in King Lear, 1605:
		Jesters do oft prove prophets.

There but for the grace of God (go I).
	I too, like someone seen to have suffered misfortune, might have suffered a similar fate, but for God's mercy.
	（表示没有遭到别人的厄运而庆幸）要不是上帝的恩典（我也遭殃）；多亏上帝开恩（我才逃过一劫）
	English evangelical preacher and martyr, John Bradford (circa 1510–1555)

Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future ones.
	Seneca the Younger (c. 4 BC - AD 64), fully Lucius Annaeus Seneca, the Roman Stoic philosopher, statesman, dramatist.
	享受当下的快乐，但别因此损害未来的快乐。
